yep the police found out that several
criminals were going to leave the
country by plane
unfortunately no one knew what they
looked like
or how big the group was four suspicious
men were detained
and their baggage was examined can you
figure out who
is innocent
why would a bald man need a shampoo a
supposedly blind person with a
flashlight
toothpaste without a toothbrush it seems
only the man on the left isn't a
criminal
and invited her friends to spend a week
in her house
the young people were having tons of fun
the day before they had to leave
a terrible storm started it was pouring
with rain
strong winds were breaking trees tearing
down power lines
and causing power outages all over the
place
the next morning the weather was better
but anne discovered that her favorite
ring
with a diamond her granny had left her
many years ago
was missing she asked all her friends to
come to the living room
i can't find one thing that's very
important to me can you tell me what you
were doing yesterday
megan answered she spent most of the
whole day in a room reading
walter said i was practicing my electric
guitar in the garage
marie told aunt she didn't even know
what the ring looked like
and knew right away who the thief was
can you figure it out too
there was a power outage it means walter
couldn't be playing an electric guitar
and anne said nothing about the
important thing being a ring
so how did marie know it walter and
marie
stole the ring together
a jewelry store manager called the
police
help he shouted my store has been robbed
when the officers arrived at the place
they couldn't see the man
suddenly they heard someone banging on
the door they didn't notice this door at
first
because it was hidden in the corner when
they unlocked it
they saw a man it was the manager
someone locked me in here
it must be one of the shop assistants
the police
officers asked the man to call his
employees they were going to question
them
just a second i can't find my phone ah
here it is the manager didn't even start
to dial the number
before the officers arrested him why
[Music]
if he was locked in the room and the
phone was lying on the counter how could
he call the police
police detective thomas davis was
walking along the street on a winter
evening
suddenly he saw a person in a black mask
sneaking out of a house through the
window they were carrying two large bags
the detective realized it was a burglar
he ran
after the stranger but they turned the
corner and disappeared
thomas understood the criminal had
hidden in one of these houses
but which one
[Music]
it can't be the house on the left there
are too many people inside
there are no footprints in the snow
leading to the house on the right
it means no one has been there for quite
some time
which leaves us with the house in the
middle
nathan sneaked out of the house late in
the evening to meet his girlfriend
the teenager thought he was extremely
careful and quiet
but his whole family knew about his plan
they were aware the guy would return at
midnight
they decided to make a bet the one who
would see nathan
first when the guy started climbing the
fence would be the winner
no chores for them for one week not to
fall asleep
nathan's dad switched on the tv the
teen's grandfather settled in the living
room to read a book
the grandmother went to the kitchen to
make pizza and
nathan's mom went to her room sat down
on the floor
and started to meditate who's going to
be the first to spot nathan when the
time comes
nathan's mom her eyes will be used to
the darkness
and she will see better than the others
a family with two teenage children went
on vacation to the seaside
they lived in a small bungalow almost
right on the beach
everything was great at first but two
days
after their arrival the younger son went
missing
the police had four suspects they
invited the guy's family to look at them
maybe they could recognize someone the
teenager's mother didn't need more than
a glance
before she knew who was behind her son's
disappearance
who was it
[Music]
it's the man wearing the missing guy's
baseball cap
carl an heir to a giant fortune was
found
unconscious during a wild party his
sister
sarah stumbled across him in the
bathroom the guy was lying on the floor
barely alive sarah immediately called
the ambulance
and police carl was taken to a hospital
doctors saved his life but the guy was
still unconscious
he couldn't talk when the police
questioned sarah
she told him that her brother had felt
unwell he went to the bathroom to
freshen up
after some time she heard some noise and
went to check on him
carl must have slipped and hit his head
on the sink
after the police officers heard this
story the sister got arrested right away
why
[Music]
for one thing it happened during a loud
party how could the girl hear any
suspicious
noise carl was also lying too far away
from the sink
which was on the other side of the
bathroom boy with a sister like that
look at this picture and try to figure
out who is from the future
[Music]
well i'm pretty sure there were no
flashlights in the stone age
all the people working in the office
janice brian
theresa shawn and roy used the fridge in
the kitchen to store their lunch
on friday janice opened the fridge to
get her bacon and cheese sandwich she
brought from home
but it wasn't there someone had eaten
her lunch
who was it
[Music]
well it couldn't be brian there's a wet
umbrella near his desk
he has just come in theresa is a vegan
she eats neither cheese nor bacon roy is
on a diet
and such a sandwich is by no means light
food
this means sean was the one who stole
janice's sandwich
you bad boy when joe came to work he saw
his safe was open
all the money and important documents
were gone
he immediately called his friend
detective callum when the man arrived
joe told him i think it was one of my
employees
they must have borrowed my key and
opened the safe
calum questioned the three people who
worked for joe
wayne said i don't even know what the
safe looks like
and of course i don't know which key
opens it
austin said i'm joe's assistant i do
have the second key to the safe
but i was on holiday and just returned
and julia just said
i can't prove it but i didn't do it
who's lying
wayne no one told him the safe could be
open with a key
not a combination lock then how did he
know
someone stole several expensive t-shirts
in a designer clothing store
the manager told the security guard he
had half an hour to find
the thief if you don't make it in time
you'll be fired
the guard rushed to watch the cctv
footage
luckily he managed to figure out who the
thief was before his time ran out
and do you know who it was
[Music]
it's the man in the dark blue sweater
his belly miraculously became larger
after he spent some time in the store he
must be hiding the t-shirts
under his sweater look at this picture
and try to understand what's wrong here
[Music]
the reflection in the mirror is all
wrong
terry was sailing around the world when
his yacht got caught in a terrible storm
at one moment the guy hit his head
against the mast
and lost consciousness when he came
around he was on a beach
unfriendly looking locals had gathered
around
soon terry figured out they really
didn't like strangers
they offered the guy three options to
send him to a cave filled with
tarantulas
throw him into a pit swarming with
yellow scorpions
or make him meet hungry lions what
should terry choose to survive
he should opt for tarantulas these
creatures look terrifying
but they are mostly harmless to humans
mostly
captain jack was a feared pirate who had
robbed thousands of ships
he did it with the help of just one
small trick
it allowed him to approach any ship from
any country
close enough to board it what was this
trick
captain jack had a collection of flags
from different countries
instead of using jolly roger the
fearsome black flag
he raised the flag of the country the
ship was from
it got him immediate access in what
situation do you have more chances to
survive
if you're falling from a 10 story
building or if you come across
several scary snakes that look
[Music]
unfriendly
the snakes might not be venomous then
they won't cause you any harm
but if you're falling from a big height
well only a miracle can
nah nothing's gonna save you bye